Maxwell vamos a meal and player picks up
messi leo messi purchase the messy messy
scale tabasum
and that is just the start that they
were looking for
well there you go me or messy that's not
five minutes on the clock and messy the
scarred his 32nd girl of the season how
important could it be severe place skin
for handball gotta say it's borderline
so hard to call I think he's in line
patty is in line I'm pretty sure some
Madrid fans will say elsewise and Leo
Messi on how this shabby over-the-top
bullion can he finish volumes very tuna
to Barcelona genius from Shavian and
eighth of bullion is on fire Barcelona
double the lead in the Sanchez Pequod
are all of a sudden up primera liga
title is starting to look a little bit
closer
well I've had chances barsa they've
moved the ball around about half chances
it's not quite boring soon for them
after that messy girl but they're the
little fellas have done it again shabby
dinked pass and that bullion is just too
quick and that is the finish of a
striker who really is looking confident
to nail to Barcelona in the pic one
it's a fantastic ball from shabby in
January can play it right back on
central defense they've realized I need
to keep it a bit tighter otherwise this
game is completely gone queuing up the
buzzer players and that's right now I
surely sailed the win for Barcelona it
was almost slow-motion football and
Pedro Rodriguez however just picked his
spot
hammer it home once again the three
little guys Pedro messy a bolian of all
scarred Barcelona need three knurling
the sanchez speak one it does look as if
the league title is in their hands only
three defenders you can see why brought
another man on and that's an outstanding
girl from Pedro looked like the sort of
shot you're taking training three-nil to
bossa in the pic one
68 minutes
Freddy callate give Sevilla a lease of
life lack of concentration that for your
place upon sad misses the ball and
Crusaders tremendously one led to score
his 11th goal of the season minute ago
barsa should have been far up its 31 and
guardiola has to suffer again after the
dugout
21 minutes to go barsa leading 31 in the
pic one against city can start to see
the city of Seoul
oh goodness this one go all of a sudden
it's 32 luís Fabiano but absolutely
nowhere
has got severe right back into the game
what were they doing a quickly taken
free cake and severe from being dead and
buried a right back there's one girl
separating Barcelona from disaster and
Sevilla from a marital
together fantastic finish on the loose
copy and a soccer that takes it quickly
ambassador at sixes and sevens they
really need to just to control
themselves now
because they got a really struggle